README.md, before:

# Welcome to SkyDock AI Suite 👋

**Launch your own AI-powered application suite and enhance team productivity in just minutes! ⚡️**

SkyDock AI Suite is a comprehensive Docker image crafted to help businesses harness the power of the latest AI technologies from OpenAI in a secure manner. Designed for team productivity, this suite includes features like image generation, speech-to-text conversion, and PowerPoint presentation creation. As an evolving project, SkyDock AI Suite will continue to expand its capabilities, adding even more powerful features to help businesses and individuals leverage AI advancements.

- ✅ GPT Vision Support
- ✅ Document Attachment Support
- ✅ Image Generation
- ✅ Text to Speech Conversion
- ✅ Speech to Text Conversion
- ✅ Powerpoint Presentation Generation
- ✅ Graph Generation


## 🚀 Quickstart
- Clone the source code:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/skydockAI/skydock_ai_suite.git
```

- Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t skydock_ai_suite:latest .
```
- Configure Environment Variables: Download the [config.env](config.env) file and update the first three variables (**SLACK_SOCKET_TOKEN**, **SLACK_BOT_USER_TOKEN**, and **OPENAI_KEY**) with your Slack app tokens and OpenAI API key.
  (**Note:** If you use Azure OpenAI instead of OpenAI, please see [this instruction](instruction_for_azure_openai.md))

- Run the Docker image:
```bash
docker run --env-file ./config.env skydock_ai_suite:latest
```
**Note:** 
- Other options to run SkyDock AI Suite can be found [here](instruction_to_run.md)
- Read [this instruction](instruction_for_powerpoint_template.md) if you want to use your own PowerPoint template file


## Key Features:
- **GPT Vision Support**: Utilizes the gpt-4-turbo model to provide cutting-edge vision capabilities.
<img src="/images/gpt_vision.png" alt="GPT Vision Support"></img>

- **Document Attachment Support**: Allows users to input information via document attachments. Currently supports .txt, .docx, and .pdf file formats.
<img src="/images/document_attachment.png" alt="Document Attachment Support"></img>

- **Image Generation**: Leverages the Dall-E models to support creative and dynamic image generation.
<img src="/images/image_generation.png" alt="Image Generation"></img>

- **Text to Speech Conversion**: Converts text messages into spoken words, enhancing accessibility.
<img src="/images/tts.png" alt="Text to Speech Conversion"></img>

- **Speech to Text Conversion**: Uses the Whisper model to transcribe spoken words into text, facilitating easy communication.
<img src="/images/stt.png" alt="Speech to Text Conversion"></img>

- **Powerpoint Presentation Generation**: Automatically creates PowerPoint presentations on a specified topic or based on input document.
<img src="/images/presentation_generation.png" alt="Powerpoint Presentation Generation"></img>

- **Graph Generation**: Automatically creates graphs and diagrams based on description.
<img src="/images/graph_generation.png" alt="Graph Generation"></img>


## License:
**SkyDock AI Suite** is open-source and licensed under the [GPL-3.0](LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Run as web application by default

README.md, after:

# Welcome to SkyDock AI Suite 👋

**Launch your own AI-powered application suite and enhance team productivity in just minutes! ⚡️**

SkyDock AI Suite is a comprehensive Docker image crafted to help businesses harness the power of the latest AI technologies from OpenAI in a secure manner. Designed for team productivity, this suite includes features like image generation, speech-to-text conversion, and PowerPoint presentation creation. As an evolving project, SkyDock AI Suite will continue to expand its capabilities, adding even more powerful features to help businesses and individuals leverage AI advancements.

- ✅ GPT Vision Support
- ✅ Document Attachment Support
- ✅ Image Generation
- ✅ Text to Speech Conversion
- ✅ Speech to Text Conversion
- ✅ Powerpoint Presentation Generation
- ✅ Graph Generation


## 🚀 Quickstart
- Clone the source code:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/skydockAI/skydock_ai_suite.git
```

- Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t skydock_ai_suite:latest .
```
- Configure Environment Variables: Open the [config.env](config.env) file and update **OPENAI_KEY** with your OpenAI API key.

- Run the Docker image:
```bash
docker run --env-file ./config.env -p 8000:8000 skydock_ai_suite:latest
```

- Open [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/) to start using SkyDock AI Suite 

**Note:** 
- If you use Azure OpenAI instead of OpenAI, please see [this instruction](help/instruction_for_azure_openai.md)
- Other options to run SkyDock AI Suite can be found [here](help/instruction_to_run.md)
- By default, SkyDock AI Suite runs as a web application using [Chainlit](https://chainlit.io/) framework. Read [this instruction](help/instruction_for_slack_bot.md) if you want to run it as a Slack bot.
- By default, SkyDock AI Suite run on port 8000. Read [this instruction](help/instruction_to_change_port.md) if you want to change to another port.
- Read [this instruction](help/instruction_for_powerpoint_template.md) if you want to use your own PowerPoint template file


## Key Features:
- **GPT Vision Support**: Utilizes the gpt-4-turbo model to provide cutting-edge vision capabilities.
<img src="/images/gpt_vision.png" alt="GPT Vision Support"></img>

- **Document Attachment Support**: Allows users to input information via document attachments. Currently supports .txt, .docx, and .pdf file formats.
<img src="/images/document_attachment.png" alt="Document Attachment Support"></img>

- **Image Generation**: Leverages the Dall-E models to support creative and dynamic image generation.
<img src="/images/image_generation.png" alt="Image Generation"></img>

- **Text to Speech Conversion**: Converts text messages into spoken words, enhancing accessibility.
<img src="/images/tts.png" alt="Text to Speech Conversion"></img>

- **Speech to Text Conversion**: Uses the Whisper model to transcribe spoken words into text, facilitating easy communication.
<img src="/images/stt.png" alt="Speech to Text Conversion"></img>

- **Powerpoint Presentation Generation**: Automatically creates PowerPoint presentations on a specified topic or based on input document.
<img src="/images/presentation_generation.png" alt="Powerpoint Presentation Generation"></img>

- **Graph Generation**: Automatically creates graphs and diagrams based on description.
<img src="/images/graph_generation.png" alt="Graph Generation"></img>


## License:
**SkyDock AI Suite** is open-source and licensed under the [GPL-3.0](LICENSE) license.
